# swagger-java-client

Toll Parking API
- API version: 1.0.0
  - Build date: 2019-06-24T10:48:08.302Z

# API information 

The document aims at describing the Toll Parking API create by `Fabio SPIGA`.  

Through Toll Parking API, an end user is able to search for the most convenient parking lot for its own vehicle, drive to it and park. 
At the moment of leaving, the API allows to compute the amount to pay and bill the end user.  

## CRUD operations 

All our URLs are [RESTful](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Representational_state_transfer). 
Every endpoint (URL) may support one of four different http verbs. 
GET requests fetch information about an object, POST requests create objects, PUT requests update objects and DELETE requests will delete objects.  

## Main Resources 

### Parking 

The central resource is the `Parking`: this resource represents an ongoing occupancy of a `Lot` by a `Car`. 
It is in charge of keeping the information regarding the time spent so allowing the computation of the `Bill`.  

### Lot 
`Lot` represents a Parking Lot of any type, a  `lotStatus` says if it is available or busy. 
Thanks to its `coordinates`, a driver can easily find it and start a `Parking`. 
It might be provided with power supply for electric cars or not, as indicated by the property `carType`. 
A specific `PricingPolicy` is configured for each Lot, among the available policies provided by the API.   

### PricingPolicy 
A `PricingPolicy` specifies the logic to compute a `Bill` and the end of the parking. 
 
It is a generic type, that allows multiple implementations. 

Currently there are two alternatives:   

* `LinearPricingPolicy`, billing the customers for each hour spent in the parking;   
* `FixedThenLinearPricingPolicy`, billing a fixed amount plus each hour spent in the parking.    

In the future, more policies will be available and can dinamically attached to any Lot.  

### Bill 

The `Bill` resource represents the ticket information provided a the end of the parking, indicating the time spent and the amount to pay. 


### Car 

The `Car` resource represents any potential user of the Toll Parking.    

## Examples 

``` GET /lots ``` 

will return all the parking Lots with their details. 

``` GET /lots?status=availablefacility=powerSupply20kw ``` 

will return all the parking lots with status 'available' and providing for a 20kW power supply. 


*Automatically generated by the [Swagger Codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen)*


## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:
1. Java 1.7+
2. Maven/Gradle

## Installation

To install the API client library to your local Maven repository, simply execute:

```shell
mvn clean install
```

To deploy it to a remote Maven repository instead, configure the settings of the repository and execute:

```shell
mvn clean deploy
```

Refer to the [OSSRH Guide](http://central.sonatype.org/pages/ossrh-guide.html) for more information.

### Maven users

Add this dependency to your project's POM:

```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>io.swagger</groupId>
  <artifactId>swagger-java-client</artifactId>
  <version>1.0.0</version>
  <scope>compile</scope>
</dependency>
```

### Gradle users

Add this dependency to your project's build file:

```groovy
compile "io.swagger:swagger-java-client:1.0.0"
```

### Others

At first generate the JAR by executing:

```shell
mvn clean package
```

Then manually install the following JARs:

* `target/swagger-java-client-1.0.0.jar`
* `target/lib/*.jar`

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following Java code:

```java

import io.swagger.client.*;
import io.swagger.client.auth.*;
import io.swagger.client.model.*;
import io.swagger.client.api.LotApi;

import java.io.File;
import java.util.*;

public class LotApiExample {

    public static void main(String[] args) {
        
        LotApi apiInstance = new LotApi();
        Lot body = new Lot(); // Lot | Lot that needs to be added to the toll parking
        try {
            Lot result = apiInstance.addLot(body);
            System.out.println(result);
        } catch (ApiException e) {
            System.err.println("Exception when calling LotApi#addLot");
            e.printStackTrace();
        }
    }
}

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost:8080/api*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*LotApi* | [**addLot**](docs/LotApi.md#addLot) | **POST** /lots | Add a new Lot to the Tool Parking
*LotApi* | [**deleteLot**](docs/LotApi.md#deleteLot) | **DELETE** /lots/{lotId} | Deletes a Lot by ID
*LotApi* | [**getLotByID**](docs/LotApi.md#getLotByID) | **GET** /lots/{lotId} | Returns a Lot by ID
*LotApi* | [**updateLotStatus**](docs/LotApi.md#updateLotStatus) | **PUT** /lots | Update the Status of a Lot
*ParkingApi* | [**addParking**](docs/ParkingApi.md#addParking) | **POST** /parkings | Start the Parking of a Vehicle
*ParkingApi* | [**deleteParking**](docs/ParkingApi.md#deleteParking) | **DELETE** /parkings/{parkingId} | End the Parking of a Vehicle
*ParkingApi* | [**getLots**](docs/ParkingApi.md#getLots) | **GET** /lots | Returns a list of Lots, optionally filtered by Status and CarType
*ParkingApi* | [**getParkingBill**](docs/ParkingApi.md#getParkingBill) | **GET** /parkings/{parkingId}/bill | Computes and returns the Bill for a Parking
*ParkingApi* | [**getParkingByID**](docs/ParkingApi.md#getParkingByID) | **GET** /parkings/{parkingId} | Returns a Parking by ID
*PricingPolicyApi* | [**addFixedThenLinearPricingPolicy**](docs/PricingPolicyApi.md#addFixedThenLinearPricingPolicy) | **POST** /pricingPolicies/fixedThenlinearPricingPolicy | Creates a PricingPolicy of type &#x60;FixedThenLinear&#x60;
*PricingPolicyApi* | [**addLinearPricingPolicy**](docs/PricingPolicyApi.md#addLinearPricingPolicy) | **POST** /pricingPolicies/linearPricingPolicy | Creates a PricingPolicy of type &#x60;Linear&#x60;
*PricingPolicyApi* | [**getPricingPolicyById**](docs/PricingPolicyApi.md#getPricingPolicyById) | **GET** /pricingPolicies/{pricingPolicyId} | Returns a Pricing Policy by ID


## Documentation for Models

 - [Bill](docs/Bill.md)
 - [BillMonetaryAmount](docs/BillMonetaryAmount.md)
 - [Car](docs/Car.md)
 - [ErrorModel](docs/ErrorModel.md)
 - [FixedThenLinearPricingPolicy](docs/FixedThenLinearPricingPolicy.md)
 - [LinearPricingPolicy](docs/LinearPricingPolicy.md)
 - [Lot](docs/Lot.md)
 - [LotCoordinates](docs/LotCoordinates.md)
 - [Parking](docs/Parking.md)
 - [PricingPolicy](docs/PricingPolicy.md)


## Documentation for Authorization

All endpoints do not require authorization.
Authentication schemes defined for the API:

## Recommendation

It's recommended to create an instance of `ApiClient` per thread in a multithreaded environment to avoid any potential issues.

## Author

spiga.fabio@gmail.com

